Rename references "Enhancements tracking board" to "v1.XX Release Tracking" (#3022)
kubernetes/sig-release: release-team/role-handbooks/docs/README.md

### Responsibilities Overview

> * Identifying new Kubernetes features and enhancements ([Kubernetes Enhancement Proposals, also referred to as KEPs](https://www.kubernetes.dev/resources/keps/)) that require new documentation and tracking them using the Release Tracking sheet created for the release (e.g. [Example Release Tracking sheet from the Kubernetes 1.26 Release](https://github.com/orgs/kubernetes/projects/117/views/3))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Identifying new Kubernetes features and enhancements ([Kubernetes Enhancement Proposals, also referred to as KEPs](https://www.kubernetes.dev/resources/keps/)) that require documentation, and track them in the Release Tracking board for the release cycle (for example, [v1.37 Release Tracking board](https://github.com/orgs/kubernetes/projects/264)).
```
